All right guys so our project is now finished.
So I want to go ahead and deploy it.
I also want to give functionality to the contact form using net le fi forms.
So I'm in my net lo fi panel so you just have to sign up if you don't have an account and then log in
and you can do all this for free.
And then this is the forms documentation because we want the contact form to actually work.
So there's a few things we need to do.
First we need to add a method of post and then this data net lo fi true to our form tag.
So I'm just going to grab that and go into our contact page contact HD AML and right here I have the
form tag we want.
Method equals post and data and alpha equals true.
Now we also want name attributes for each input.
So let's say.
Name.
This is the name field.
Let's do name equals subject
to name equals email
name equals.
What is this phone and then name equals message.
OK.
Now we also want to add some spam filtering with recaptured.
So I'm going to go back to the forms documentation and go down
see we're going to go down to spam filtering honeypot field.
No we don't want that.
We want this explicit recapture.
So basically you guys have seen this before and it says I'm not a robot you have to check it and sometimes
you have to do those pictures.
So we want that just to stop spam from from coming in.
So what we have to do is add this attribute data net low fi recapture equals true.
We want to add that to our form tag which is right here.
So I'm going to paste that in and then wherever we want to put it I'm going to go under the text area
and I'm going to put a div with the class of m y dash to just to give it some margin around it and then
we want to grab this this div right here with data.
Net lo fi recaptured true.
They're going to put that right in there and save.
Now this won't show until we deployed in that lo fi because the platform looks at these attributes and
then puts in the recapture.
OK.
And I believe that's all we have to do here.
Ajax form submissions yes.
So we should be ok now.
We have to upload this to get hub or if the push to get hubs.
So I'm going to go to get hub dot com and I'm going to create a new repository
I'm just going to call this portfolio underscore Web site I'm actually going to make this private but
you can do public if you want.
I'll just say
portfolio Web site and let's go and create repository.
OK so now I have an empty repository so I want to go back in to our project and I'm going to just use
the integrated terminal down here.
But before I do anything with get I'm going to add in a file in my route here.
New file I'm going to call it dot get ignore.
OK.
And what this does is it allows you to specify files and folders that you don't want to push to get
hub.
Now we installed node SAS which is located in this node modules folder.
You don't want to push this node modules folder.
This is just dependencies of your project.
If someone wants to use your project they'll pull it from GitHub and they'll run npm install which will
look at any packages you have such as node SAS and it will then create the node modules folder with
those dependencies.
So we don't want to push the node modules folder.
So we're just going to put in here node underscore modules and save.
And I do want to push the dist I want the the SAS and that's that should be it.
So we just want the node modules not to be committed.
So now let's initialize a get repository with get in it and make sure you have get installed.
If you don't go to get dash SVM dot com and install it so you initialized our gate repository.
Now it's to get add all okay.
So now it's added to our local repository.
Let's commit it.
So get commit and we want to do dash M and then a comment.
I'm just going to say initial commit.
OK.
So it added it committed it to our local repository.
Now we want to add our github repository as the remote repository that we want to use which is this
line right here.
So you want to grab that and paste that in and right.
OK.
So now that's added as our remote repository.
And then the last thing we want to do is this last line which is get push dash you origin master.
So we want to push to the master branch so we'll clear this up and I'll say get push dash you origin
master.
So it's just pushing it to the remote repository.
Now if I go back and I reload this page you'll see that our project is now uploaded to get I probably
should have put this D.S. store file and get ignored as well but that's fine.
All right.
So the project we want to deploy is in the disk.
This is what we want.
On net lo fi.
OK.
So when we deploy the Natalya fi we want to specify this is our build folder.
So now let's head over to nullify and going to say new site from get GitHub and I'm going to search
for portfolio
C portfolio Web site and the branch.
I want to deploy I only have one branch which is M..
Now the published directory is going to be dist and it even says right here some examples are dist public
site.
So we want to do dist because that has the H team L and our comp. CSX.
Okay so let's go ahead and say deploy site site deploy in progress
should just take a second.
There we go.
So now we have our domain here so I'm going to go ahead and open this up and there we go and you can
see we have a subdomain of net lo fi but we could easily set up a custom domain.
I'm not going to do that in this video though but let's make sure that first of all all of our pages
show which they do that loads kind of slow
that's slow and you know why.
Because the images are so big.
So the first load is a little slow so if you're going to actually use this as a production project you
probably want to resize these images because these are really really big images.
And I didn't I didn't optimize them at all.
So contact you can see we have a little recapture here.
Let's go ahead and try this out.
So I'll say Kevin Smith email address.
Kevin subject will just say hello.
Phone number.
Hello.
This is a test.
I'm not a robot and submit.
Thank you.
Go back to our site OK.
Now if we go back to our net lo fi panel and let's reload this page
and go down here.
There's our form submission Kevin Smith name subject.
Hello.
Email phone and message.
OK.
So we have a fully working site that we built with SAS that we deployed with working contact form that
has spam filtering.
And of course you can add any fields you want.
So hopefully you guys enjoyed this project and learned a lot from it and you hopefully you'll use it
in your career and in your life.
So thank you so much for watching guys I really appreciate it.
And I will see you in the wrap up video that we deployed with working contact form that has spam filtering
and of course you can add any fields you want so hopefully you guys enjoyed this project and learned
a lot from it and you hopefully you'll use it in your career and in your life.
So thank you so much for watching guys I really appreciate it.
And I will see you in the wrap up video.